Build a full-stack QR Generator web application. The goal is to let users enter a URL, generate a QR code, customize its appearance, and download it as an image.

Requirements:

Tech Stack:

Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript (use modern styling and responsive layout)

Backend: Node.js + Express

QR library: use qrcode or qr-code-styling (whichever fits styling options better)

Optional storage: use an in-memory array or JSON file for saving generated QR info (no complex DB required now).

Frontend Features:

A clean, centered UI with a text input for the URL.

“Generate QR” button.

A preview section that displays the generated QR code instantly.

Options to customize QR style:

Foreground color picker

Background color picker

Size selector (e.g. 200x200, 300x300)

Optional logo upload (center logo image)

“Download” button that downloads the QR as PNG or SVG.

Backend Features:

Create an Express server that exposes an endpoint like /generate.

When a user submits a URL, the backend generates a QR code and returns it as a base64 image or downloadable file.

Optionally log each generated QR with its URL, timestamp, and filename in a JSON file.

Code Structure:

/public → contains index.html, style.css, script.js

/server.js → main backend file

/package.json → list dependencies (express, qrcode, cors)

Styling Expectations:

Minimal and modern design (centered card layout).

Use light neutral background colors with accent buttons.

Make it mobile responsive.

Functionality:

User types a URL → clicks Generate → QR is shown and downloadable.

The QR should never expire (since it encodes data directly).

Bonus: Allow “Reset” button to clear the UI.

Deployment Note:

Ensure the backend runs on a port (e.g. 3000).

The frontend should fetch the backend endpoint using relative path (/generate).

Include instructions for running locally:

npm install
node server.js


Optional (if time permits):

Add a “Dynamic QR” mode where a QR points to a redirect URL stored in backend so users can later change destination.

Deliverables:

Complete working code for frontend and backend.

Clear instructions to run the app locally or host it on Replit / Vercel + Render.